welcome to GUI and in web browsers would
recall about stuff related to those
things and other things around ipfs
today is 4th of September I think 2018
and let's quickly jump to agenda if
anyone has any last moments topics drop
them to agenda I just started costs like
the first item is mine so that would be
smooth transition I wanted to give a
quick progress report on work around
embedded J's ipfs in brief so there's a
long list of things and one of those
things is local discovery and UDP and
TCP transports you can see those are not
checked here yet however I should be
able to give a quick demo see where we
are with that today so I got right
nightly and I've built IP first compile
from like developer branch locally to
make it faster to demo but it will be
soon submitted as a PR so I started ipfs
companion and you can see it's offline
because I don't have go IP of us running
locally it just browser extension and
it's like in offline mode so that's sad
but well can always like look at the
console of the browser extension and
it's offline
[Music]
but now we should be able to go - well
let me move this all right we should be
able to go to settings and switch to
embedded node and in brave embedded node
has access to Chrome sockets api's so
now when we switch to that various stuff
will happen on the right side of the
screen so I will scroll up here you can
see we got 11 peers already and I should
be able to open web UI the first time I
open it may be slow because it's not
cached locally it's fetched from my PFS
Network but eventually all the assets
will load however on the right side you
can see the startup process of the
embedded note the nightly has combined
them inside of brave yeah so on the left
side where do I love that you can see it
simple just ipfs and let's go to the
pure screen and we can see we got 11
peers and those peers are connected with
TCP how did that happen and why why
those two are like unknown that's
interesting so on the right side we can
see a member that note started but
there's an interesting tidbit here
there's a local DNS discovery enabled
and if we scroll or maybe if we filter
it out you can see that mdns local em
dns lookup happens every 10 seconds I
think and my co ipfs instance running on
a different machine on the same network
was just discovered by JS ipfs embedded
inside of brave which is kind of cool so
that's a demonstration of both TCP
transport cause all those bootstrap
nodes here maybe if I go to settings it
will be more obvious let me like yep so
the bootstrap section here is a bit big
however it's big for a reason because
I've put all the bootstrap addresses
from node setup which are just TCP
addresses
there are also WebSocket addresses and
the preload nodes are listed as both
WebSocket and TCP addresses so what's
interesting is that the order matters so
if the first address is TCP one and not
WebSocket it will be used I think if we
right now the embedded node can run both
WebSocket and TCP transport which means
it can connect to both nodes listening
on WebSocket transport but also like
regular go ETFs without that but we want
to prioritize TCP probably for
performance issues for performance
reasons at this point I'm I'm mostly
experimenting with bootstraps and it
seems to work fine it's picking up the
TCP ones and I confirm the connections
are listed the connections established
by J's ipfs ranking brave are TCP even
if we got both specified in the
bootstrap nodes so that's kind of
interesting so what's what's next
I stopped sharing so I can see you and I
see there are questions however what's
next for this is too
and sure like we can discover other
notes the next step is to ensure other
nodes can discover our embedded node and
then we would have to break browsers
able to discover each other right now
break browser is able to discover your
local go aqui fast note but it does not
like announce itself and the separate
topic is we don't have the HD yet I
tried enabling the HD but it was not
like it was using all the CPU so there
are some performance issues somewhere
and we could use delegated rooting for
until the DHT is ready however that
opens a lot of questions around
performance of the preload nodes and
delegate roads notes so that's the car
does they like it just an object where
we are so the next step is to figure out
how to announce ourselves to the network
using local for local DNS discovery to
work and then probably will invest some
time to get DHT to the point where we
don't need any third party and notes any
questions sorry for the plonk update I
think Alan was first and then ditching
this is super cool I'm very excited
that's great I have a question regarding
like the discovery and the transport
like how are they how are they built are
they a separate module or are you just
using different like is it a fork of the
existing ones who have different
requires or like how how is it working
and can you like link to them so that I
can just have a look that was I'm really
interested so this is where it gets
interesting because those are the same
modules JCPS is using in node so and
this is also yeah so the magic is just a
polyfill and polyphen stuffs so we had
to polyfill various
laces and fix smaller or bigger bugs in
libraries when we wanted to open when we
wanted to run happy in in in the same
context because that was like opening
TCP ports that CP transport itself is
similar it's using the same polyfill on
fournette module and that's good because
the same code works and we don't need to
maintain a separate module the problem
is I'm not sure I'd need to look if we
can make it discoverable itself because
right now the transport is mostly in the
client mode I'm able to like connect to
multi others TCP multi others but I'm
not sure if I'm others are able to
connect to me I need to see how it's
like the TCP transport itself is wired
in
Jessica fest so it updates its like ads
it own TCP address to its list to the
list of its own addresses right now as
far as I was able to see the J's ipfs in
brave does not add any ipv4 addresses so
I think it's like added somewhere else
so either we figure it out that in
userland
or we just write custom module the like
that the writing custom module is always
an option is just like the worst case
scenario I would really like to use the
same codebase not be nice yeah can you
share the polyfills you're using or
we're like oh yeah
like point me to the pasta placed in the
code where it's happening area sure like
I can link your open a PR but I can link
you to a branch I have so you didn't
have to do it now but like if you want
to put in the document or something oh
yeah yeah yeah so yeah we use the same
polyfills just a matter of configuration
we probably will to have support for
things like
websocket star listen WebSockets are
multi we would need to create a custom
lipid to be bundler function because
right now I'm just like passing the
config but for more advanced setup we'll
need to create a custom bundle deitrick
you had question I kind of had a same
similar question as Alan I think will be
really useful to share kind of the
overall architecture approach to ease so
if there's either some documentation
about how you went through that process
of building the polyfills where the
where they live so like you know your
poly filling node API is that live in
the web extension context of a certain
browser that are regular genius I
confess code can it thinks it's in a
friendly environment the sports all the
stuff that it needs but really it's just
a fake you know you've created it you
mapped it in such an environment doesn't
even know that it's ready inside of a
browser and it doesn't have to care
which is cool so the it would be great
if you could write up a description it
maybe this is a short blog post or some
documentation or something like that um
describes that overall topology of what
lives we're so that I think broadcasting
up would also really help other browser
vendors whenever thinking about how they
can like what because I think some brow
you know most browsers are looking at
this and they see I give SS this really
big standalone project with this entire
stack and I have to buy it to all this
stuff but what you have shown here is
that you don't you actually just need a
few of these core network primitive
api's and an operating vironment that
looks like node and call it good
everything everything just works so I'd
love for you to build this for you to
share the simplicity of this approach so
that others can have an idea of the nuts
and bolts of how it happened yep we we
did something similar for that last year
for Lipke web there's like a pale like
just an overview of the PD web
experiment in companion I think we could
start with adding something similar to
the docs directory and eventually it
could grow to a blog post I did not like
submitter
pyaare yet because i want to figure it
out this like server mode basically like
being able to accept connections from
other others before I like actually make
a PR ready for a review because it's
possible that we'll end up having to
create custom modules or something and I
just want to avoid some about but it's
like super super exciting so I'm I just
wanted to show it yeah it's amazing I I
will say too that when when we were
writing Lib D web that was one of the
things that we found is that the act
acting as a client as opposed to acting
as a server exercise to code paths that
were very very different and the
performance characteristics of that code
was was really challenging so as soon as
we started listening on the network or
broadcasting that we were accessible as
a resource one network from mdns but
also the TCP server code inside a giant
ball HTTP client think things we found
places we found we found challenges so
it might be it might be it might be
really different and this is a first
time frame is probably ever well maybe
not that break is used to those chrome
sockets api is so these are and probably
not well tested code paths in bridge
even though they might be for Chrome OS
I believe that those API that donut
other consumer of those API simple AF is
swept torrent at this point and it
probably is using the same poly fields
but I would be really good to figure out
I did not realize that they were using
those same they were using that same
infrastructure is that a four it would
it what would be cool is if if we had
some some module or polyfill that would
make the chrome API is look like Lib D
web because then we already have live
like in Firefox we can use live d web
and and we have literally TCP or the D
Web transport and discovery and we could
use the same ones in chrome like
browsers if X bar is a little Web API
sort of but but the other way around so
that the problem with do it is that then
our integration from 2018 was based on
the protocol handler API so we did not
like spam local HTTP gateway we just
like injected payload to the handler and
that's not something we can polish you
however we had discussion around the
develop the web project that similar to
what we have are in brave on top of life
chrome sockets we got polyfills for net
diagram modules I believe we have
diagram polyfills on top of Liberty web
I don't think we have the net one so
there's a leap D web or org on github
when we started collecting those
polyfills for lib the web
yeah I believe we will end up having net
and D Graham probably maybe DNS as well
for on top of Lib the web and we could
do the same thing there that we are
doing here for brave the only difference
is this like protocol handler and which
changes the dynamic in the location bar
but also how the browser handles stuff
so it's no longer regular HTTP it's like
something else I had a brief discussion
with brave rising in me like that
there's this API in the web and in in if
they plan at some point in the future of
adding they more low-level integration
that would be a template so we don't
invent this multiple ideas just reuse
something that works and what's proven
but yeah exciting
I also would encourage a more node
focused approach that live D Web API was
pretty specific to what we had available
in Firefox and wasn't really optimized
for for for any specific implementation
that
one of the things that we kept coming
back to was maybe we should maybe we
should just write polyfills for all of
the node network stack and file system
and and just and then have protocol
handler protocol and release stands up
like the browser specific API that does
know corollary in in node and once you
have some level of node compatibility
through polyfills all kinds of other
stuff just kind of works then so you can
level up that that whole ecosystem and
you're also you have a workflow that
works for developers that already have
tool League and everything whereas the
investment in making Lib D web better
only only narrows because the the path
to getting Lib D web to exists in other
places outside of Firefox is I think
unclear is not a strong enough way to
describe the challenges there and my
understanding of the D Web was more kind
of wheat it was created as a kind of
this is what we could expose and and
like that so what I'm getting at is in
no Jess if we if we just say that we
need to have like node like AP eyes it's
kind of all or nothing and there's no
like well you know you can have d gram
so you need all of the bits of that for
it to eat for people to be able to use
it so there's no like we can only have
half of this because it doesn't fit in
with the security thing and I figured
that the D Web was kind of that sweet
spot where it's like well we can expose
these bits and and Celestia reason why
I'm suggesting that I agree that that's
exactly right
as we were like what is the what is the
smallest bit of functionality that we
can possibly expose that would give you
this - yeah let that and let SSB and
that I gave her
I agreed that having just having no like
a node star like in there would be
amazing and
and would put a neighbor stuff but it's
it is a little nothing I guess but yeah
all good yeah that's definitely they
that occupies that we gave that's where
they go away then then time it would
take to make a node compatible polyfill
there's really a lot of work
something like something to think about
is that maybe up to we could abstract
sounds but like low-level stuff related
to chrome sockets and also leave the web
by creating like common high level API
just to hide those two so that's just
like that adds a new API instead of like
reusing the node one at the same time we
may not need like all the API is we I
don't think we actually like the
polishing we use right now does I don't
I'm not sure if it implements entire net
package it just implements enough to
have like HTTP server to run fine to
open sockets by our transport without
any need for changing any code maybe
just be good enough with some caveats or
just like showing a error for methods
that are not supported in this runtime
yeah yeah I guess you just have to be
explicit about which part you are just
good dogs or something if I wouldn't
encourage that or Alan's idea of just
using lib T web as the API that we
polyfill to as a as opposed to a third
point functional polyfill oh yeah point
foam wrapper yeah yeah I think that's it
that's a good idea even think we would
we should like thick-lipped a web
instead of chrome sockets
all right
I guess that's it for this next one is
dropping maybe I'd share screen
dropping config to overwrite things like
contact type at HP gateway so let's make
it less green happy topic yep so we have
HTTP gateways and some people liked
would like to use ipfs for hosting
websites and there are some edge cases
around content type when a file is
returned by our HCP Kate way with
invalid content type which either break
some images like SVG images sometimes
get interpreted as XML or plain text and
then browser refuses to render it even
though it loved it fine there are some
like less popular content file types
which are used by applications and
applications require this specific file
type to be returned by HTTP server with
specific content type without that it
does not work so there are multiple use
cases where a content type returned by
HTTP gateway causes problems or makes
things harder for people and we've been
discussing potential potential solutions
of how to solve this how to enable
people to specify or overwrite content
type because right now when you request
a file from the Gateway what happens
behind the scenes is go 80 FS or jessep
your files it's basically doing mind
sniffing it looks at the header it looks
at a few bytes from the header of the
file and based on some magic byte codes
it recognizes oh this is this type of
image always
with those bikes so this is probably a
JPEG or something so that's a problem
because it's raw it relies on
third-party library to always do content
sniffing in a deterministic way and
those libraries get updated also we look
at the file extension however new the
file extension may change or may not
always be present so there are some
examples here on the issue I linked
however the potential solutions are one
first we discussed is to just embed
content type with the data itself so
when you add a file to ipfs you would
pass a flag and specify this is an XML
file or this is a zip file and that
content type would be added to metadata
and would travel with the data itself
the problem is that requires like
changes to low-level plumbing and also
it changes the dug itself cause when you
die add something to the dog it changes
the if you add something to metadata it
will change the final CID so if you
already have stuff on ipfs and you want
to add content type to it this way
the CID would change so the second idea
is something we discussed with Steven on
Monday and also eric mentioned made a
good case along those the same lines in
a related discussion about metadata for
unique service v1 so basically the idea
is to instead of embedding content type
in the dag itself or in the blocks of
the data we would come up with some
special directory or a special config
file that people could just drop without
having them to no low-level plumbing
staff of ipfs so the idea is maybe a
good abstraction is how historically we
had that htaccess files
or maybe that's not a good example maybe
a better example is how git attributes a
file called git attributes could be
dropped in any directory of your project
and you could define you could override
the type of file you could define that
this file is a binary and it should be
not have like underlined characters
translated and stuff like that we could
come up with something similar for
content types
so just a file you drop in a directory
saying this file is this content type
and then when someone loads the fat data
from HTTP gateway the HTTP gateway
itself would check if that file is
present and if it's present then it
would disable content sniffing and it
would just set the content type to the
one from the file and that would be easy
convention for people to just override
the behavior of the Gateway initially
that could be just the content type but
also we could customize error pages that
way so it's just like an idea separate
from embedding content type in the
unit's FS metadata and it's probably
something we should discuss with the
Gateway team but I think it's also
related to web browsers so wanted to
pick your brains if anyone has any
questions or yeah so the question from
Alain is who would create this file so
the way I see it is that those config
files would be created by website owner
so if you are publishing a website on
ipfs you just add this file to the
directory you created with the website
and that's why we need to be very
specific that it's only for overriding
content type you go by a certain link
and now I so would that be a
a tool that creates if you're like
you've got a the IP is it when you add
stuff to ITSs it automatically gets
created no III believe that should be an
optional feature of the Gateway itself
it should be just scoped to the Gateway
so when the Gateway prepares response
for a request it checks if that file is
present if the file is present then it
would override content type yeah I get
it on the kind of reading end but I'm
more like when it's first written
oh that's created like is it like if I
add stuff to I BFS there's ipfs create
that file for me so that when the
Gateway reads it can it's there like
this there's a kind of keeping it in
sync issue but also creating it in the
first instance yes yeah I have questions
yeah like just question marks a better
idea yeah yeah so I think the good way
to think about this is it's an override
so by default nothing changes the
Gateway will continue doing content
sniffing if in the future we have this
metadata in UNIX FS then it would use
that however there would be a simpler
way of overriding content type that does
not require changing in UNIX FS or
anything it would just require adding a
one check in HTTP gateway code just
check if this file there's like that
ipfs content types or something exists
and if it exists it would be it would
use a content type from that and it
would be specifically an overwrite so it
would disable content type sniffing it
would set content type from the file and
it would probably it probably should
also add this X content type options
header with no sniff parameter to
disable sniffing on the client so it
would tell browser don't do any sniffing
use this content type okay it
essentially has to be offered manually
by the person who
wants to overwrite the content type yes
it's not something people would do all
the time it would be only for those rare
cases when someone needs to fetch data
from HTTP gateway but it needs to have a
specific content type and it and that
person wants to have the same content
type no matter from which gateway it's
fetched so that is why this
configuration would travel with data
itself similar to like the get
attributes config file instead of like
what hugo linked in Android X you can
override content types but that's like
specific to the server and that's the
problem like if we change that only on
our Gateway other gateways would
continue having the same thing so that's
why the idea is to have it travel with
data itself and it just scoped to the
HTTP gateway yeah
the trick is the lab content types
something that people who are not using
gateways have as well like it feels
I guess this feels kind of like a some
of the same concerns says Alan things
like keeping this a sync and who just
authoring seems to be complex and and
just kind of a stopgap for the for the
underlying issue that seems like would
be present in full nodes as well that we
would need to know the content type in
order to know what to do with it in a
client like a browser so if you swap out
gateways in the same scenario with rave
running embedded full node and somebody
loads I profess colon slash slash CID
you still have the same problem so not
true yeah so the idea is this would not
solve the problem when you request the
data using its CID it's specifically to
make it easier for people to host
websites on ipfs so specifying content
type when you publish a website to ipfs
you don't have just one text file you
have a directory and in that directory
you have index.html you've got some
assets you may have some some
directories and that how you would
overwrite a content type in this
scenario is you would just add this dot
ipfs subdirectory with additional
metadata yes but I guess I'm asking it's
like the gateways are a transition point
to a world where we don't need gateways
anymore right and and in like you know
right now where were open five or less
and not even 20.5 in these
implementations so if there's any time
to think about what are the walls that
were hitting in terms of protocol design
and I'm in use cases this would be the
like run out of time if you wanted get
to a little point out at some point and
so I guess for is I guess I'm asking the
bigger the broader question is it are we
gonna hit this again later are we gonna
just is this pushing kicking the can
down the road till I've confessed this
everywhere and we're like man I wish we
had content types
built into the protocol built into the
metadata and I feel like there's no
there will never be a better time to ask
that question and then we'll never be a
better time to make backwards
incompatible changes so I guess like
that I feel like the context for from
making these types of decisions we can
pretty much to work into something
that's gateway specific and website
specific but if the protocol has a
broader issue around this that I would
like to answer that question before
going down the solutions road oh yeah
totally and I sort of linked that like
on the ideas to Explorer on the issue I
linked there is link to addressing this
at the protocol level so I want to be a
very specific this discussion is only
about content type at HTTP HTTP gate
is there anything we can do sooner to
make it easier for people to publish a
website and host the websites on ipfs
before that happens so if there's
proposed change in UNIX FSB to to
support embedding content type with the
data itself and that's sort of what you
mentioned that it's all sort of solves
the problem at the protocol level
because once you when you add this
metadata when you add data to ipfs it
will be always there and when gateway
when you request that data from ipfs the
Gateway will see that oh this data
already has content type and it will not
know to do anything it will just use the
content type that's shipped with the
data itself
the problem is sort of like what happens
between now and then there will be time
like people continue using ipfs for
publishing websites and I think this
sort of an overwrite could make it
easier before that lands cause we've
been talking about UNIX fSV to for years
and I think it stills but got possible
spawned and maybe we could make it
easier for people sooner than later and
there's a separate discussion that there
could be times when someone wants to
take an existing data that has content
type embedded and still override that
they may want to have some some specific
format that has like versioning in the
content type and they wanted to like
artificially bumped a version or
something that could be a solution so
it's not like or it's and you could we
put those both things could live
together and this override would be
specific to http gateway just to make
translation between IP first protocol
and HTTP semantics easier for people
yeah sorry I guess my concern comes from
so I totally agree that you even once
you have melody
since the protocol you might also need
to be able to overwrite at times totally
something we could but we can cross that
bridge when we get to it we understand
better what the shortcomings that they
don't any better do this approach would
be and I guess my concern comes from
things like the conversation around
WebSocket star and where we have lots of
there's like a history of stock gaps
we've invested years into and then you
say things that like but you know except
has to be two three years but I guess
I'm like at this point I'm like if we
really want to get to a 1.0 and wants to
solidify what the protocol can do I
would encourage identifying stop gaps
making the conscious decision to lean
harder into what we think the ultimate
solution needs to be and focusing our
very limited resources and engineering
efforts on shipping that the world that
we want it to be instead of investing
more time into into that that middle
term because I really go okay like I'd
rather have a comprehensive view of what
websites on ipfs needs and then focus on
that and even if it means we need to
make the hard decision to say yep we're
not we're not going to we're not gonna
be ready again until end of 2020 or
something like that as opposed to
putting more time into infrastructure
then eventually people aren't gonna need
anymore
yeah in this case it sounds like there's
there still might be utility for it yeah
yeah totally agree and I I sort of feel
it's a it's there's as long as there are
HTTP gateways and I'm pretty sure those
will not go away anytime soon there will
be need for overriding content type and
it's not like blocking adding content
type to the unique surface itself it's
just like a separate feature of the
Gateway itself and we it was like
mentioned multiple times so I just like
documented the idea and it's it's there
maybe we'll pick it up with Gateway team
at some point I would I know that they
are planning to support custom error
pages so if you like drop 4 for that
HTML that will like override the default
Eero page so I feel it's sort of like a
similar if it betters like a convention
of having like dot ipfs slash and then
you have like 404 HTML the content type
overwrite would be just another config
file that you drop there but that yeah
it it might be easier to reason about to
if we had a list of what the biggest
problem what are the biggest content
type problems that people hit yep if
this was is this if this was designed
around a very specific a specific use
case in specific 700 types that this
happens to all the time yeah yeah that's
true but that's what also so Allen
mentioned that the overwrite won't work
if you request data directly using it's
the idea I totally agree but the
specific use case for this is like
hosting websites or like hosting data
set with specific content type so you
are always wrapping them in some
directory we cannot do much with
requesting direct like file directly
there is like a filename parameter that
you can pass and that would overwrite
both how the URL ends and also would add
content disposition header so the
Gateway would return and suggest the
file name in content-disposition header
but yeah I I think that this is out of
scope we mostly are like personally I
will I just want to make it easier for
people to house stuff on ipfs house
websites of an IP offense and for now
that means some sort of a gateway access
alright
I guess we've run this one down if
anyone has any stone Cap'n Young's are
please comment down on the issue at is
there's an issue now that we can link if
we have future discussions because it
comes back over and over all right next
one is related pass yeah this is an
issue I filed on an IP festive Hawaii
thanks for looking at it so far I still
feel like I don't fully understand like
I I have tried both dot slash relative
paths or no / relative paths and it
seems like both of those are equivalent
relative paths that should work
so like that Hawk Hawks test was
basically the same as mine
I guess just did just a page with the
relative path to choose time see I yeah
so III did not look at the updates on on
that issue however I know that we had
issues with various static website
generators and the problem there was
that in the code you have like you wrote
in the template you use like those valid
relative paths however the engine which
was generating static website took those
paths and broke them either by
defaulting to the root on the root or or
replacing them with absolute paths but
usually when stop breaks it's when
static website generator replaces those
relative paths with like related to the
root and makes them starting at the root
I know that we had those those problems
when Hugo but there's now like an option
to tweak it off I'm not sure are you
using any specific website generator or
is it like handcraft I this was a
handcrafted HTML file with a handcrafted
CSS and JavaScript file but I know
exactly what I published and uploaded
and I tried it
mr. play and indirectly through I give
her sad as well
all right it would truly means it seems
like that it that that the Gateway
configurations are different
are you like in experiencing the same
problem on the cover gateway local
gateway another gateway so local gateway
seemed to work fine I couldn't get its
blood through our public here yesterday
yeah makes it harder to test to yeah we
we should like cross-check with at least
one other third-party gateway just to
ensure it's not like a configuration
oblem with our gateway I think we we had
some no that was not related to this one
I probably we should look at this I
think because I'm not sure if we can
unless someone has any idea on this code
what could go wrong it really looks like
it might be a different like there's the
same to file else work fine when I
infrasound and they don't when I add
patients to play in it and let this
little through in Fira so maybe I'm just
a make a test that pushes it to a bunch
of different gateways Jackson sees what
the return hundred years are yeah that's
a very good point is that we we sort of
assume the response from nice to be
gateway is just a response no matter
from which gateway you request it and
we've seen that different gateways have
not only different behavior some
gateways blog videos some gateways
disabled content type sniffing yep we we
talked earlier about a a gateways back
and maybe and interrupt test to yeah
yeah that's lots of gateway stuff yeah
anyway we don't we don't need to fix
this here I just thought if anybody had
thoughts about what that issues might be
that next side of my head was kind of
about issues like this where do we fall
like developer experience stuff so if I
basic web developer just doing I'll give
us add my files and I need some issues
in their workflow do we have a place
where we kind of collect developer
experience and developer workflow issues
broadly I mean like implementation
agnostic repo probably Knox we have dogs
maybe just like creating your repo like
yeah maybe that yeah maybe this is a
section of the docs
I mean we still need to track the issue
somewhere so if that if there are
developer workflow issues that we need
to be able to document maybe we file
those and then in the docs repo we have
a representative somebody who's been
working with the Ducks group here today
with us mr. Waring do you have any
suggestions how have you all been
sucking in that growth around 12 or
experience issues and how to track them
and where to put them
so I think I'm either you broke up or my
line was terrible ends my mr. Koh
question now you're muted probably broke
up it's happening all the time please
repeat
I'll happy answer is the Ducks and
developer experience group tracking
these types of issues do you have a plan
for where to put developer experience
and developer workflow she should we
just take all these issues and filed
mega repo sounds good thanks yes exactly
there's no one primary place for it
essentially as things have been coming
in and we've got a bigger bucket for it
we start organizing things so I'd say if
you've already got a system for
collecting or Clayton those things then
I would continue with that that's a good
home for the meantime but we have been
just opening issues on the docks repo
tracking a lot of stuff yeah we're
trying
I think Deb you excited things we
haven't gone that deep in the rabbit
hole yeah it's more kind of more in the
content landscape at the moment yes I am
should probably spin up a section to go
deep greens that I got sort of like a
question until we get a better idea how
to handle this would it work just to
have dedicated label in like dogs repo
or something that way we could like move
all those issues to a separate repo if
we figure out we need just a separate
place yeah because I think it would make
more sense to have individual issues for
each one of these things because they're
gonna begin a blowout quite quickly
rather than having one master issue
there's just a threat of noise so label
probably a very smart way of doing it so
okay to that and maybe Eric could
suggest a way where we could consume
that in two hours index I was a board so
we've got some current label set up on
there based on the design things that
basically come into our ice boxes and we
can do our card sorting through that a
bit easier
I think he dropped almost at the second
you said his name magic always happens
has to get the door yeah okay let's sort
that out let's start with the labels
here that works out and we can then
migrate to somewhere more sensible it
that's better
sounds great
any I think docks there's probably at
least that natural first start for for
that kind of stuff until we have like a
a full time Deverell person who's
managing that kind of thing and the only
other thing you had is a Hugo and lital
and I are going to meet for a couple of
days the end of the month to do some web
browser read mapping planning if you if
you have any any special requests topic
ideas let us and let us know try to
figure out where my connection is so bad
today try to try to figure out what the
browser landscape is gonna look like in
2020 browsers kind of pick them all
you
I just want
everyone to if you have any like issues
questions which is around web browsers
just to up open an issue in ipfs slash
in web browser sweeper I will add a link
to notes to agenda so we can like
account that while doing our planning
is that the meeting where we decide to
build a ramp rasma no this is a public
meeting
I did have a I do have a project I was
taking the the Mozilla reference Android
browser and and then doing what's a
Macbeth did and playing around with what
what it would be like to bundle
I picked his companion in as a web
extension with Lib D web in that but an
experimental that's that's a that's a
far cry from a from a full browser there
but like all
the mobile it's pretty interesting
proposition because I'm always every
time I use like Firefox for Android it's
like so it's like so good cuz like the
sink is there extensions work and you
have like one click to switch between
like mobile and desktop rendering mode
not sure if everyone is aware it's
really good and and compiling works with
embedded nodes it worked like it works
for uploading files to ipfs on the go
register and that's one of the things
where I feel like we don't have a it's
an easy utility I like the idea of and
we are not building a browser if we're
gonna do something like that would be
interesting to ship it as a mobile
utility as a tool and the bar for that
is is pretty low in terms of just
getting it basically functional due to
the fact that the reference browser work
is already done and the companion works
already done and liddy web gets us a way
to melt them together that did challenge
with embedded node there is that the API
is for things like mdns and listening
sockets TCP server sockets are are less
even dodgy ER on mobile than they are in
our first this time there be dragons
the utility aspect of just like not
inventing too much but just like getting
what we already have
and packaging it together not sure how
it looks on iPhone on iOS
however on Android you got all this
scheme of intense so you can like share
something to other app and this app
could be like receiving text or data or
pictures and would just take care of
adding it to IP offense and that's
probably that
number one use case people yeah one of
the experiments that I wanted to do I
started poking around at the web share
API is that that chrome implements for a
pwace on Android so there you could
actually have like just ipfs upload to I
PFF says in the share menu know that
probably spot doesn't even require
folded so some there's some fun
experiments to be had you know I think
even if these don't become functional
prototypes even doing a paper exercise
to kind of make it it's like this is
what we could have and sparks an
imagination um yeah we could do more of
that I'd be excited to participate maybe
maybe one of these weeks in this meeting
you were Eric could walk us through a
paper prototyping of one of these things
I'm straight big ass
we got we got forty seconds so if if any
last-minute topic or question raises
speaker I'm dying to see what would
someone would Chris I think was Chris
said how he finished the sentence maybe
Eric can you know my battery died that
second time but we could follow that up
that would be alright I think that's it
let's wrap it up thank you so much for
joining us call and see you next week